in 1963 the extrication actor was
used for the first time on a
racing circuit
the tool was six groups they
had to be hanging on the back
a van
now he weighs only fifteen
kilos can be handled by just one
person and helps to clear a
victim of a road accident in
a few minutes
during an emergency
the minutes are precious
a rescue tool must open a
vehicle like a tin can and
cut in steel calm as in
butter
because a few seconds can do
all the difference
it is a hydraulic fluid that gives
the power to the jaws that cut
and to branches that spreads
the manufacture of an extrication
starts with a milling machines that
shape the jaws or branches in
a solid aluminum bar of quality
aviation
these branches are then coated with a
protective layer a turn its brick
now the protective cap that
will cover the end of the tool a
sharp attack carbide shapes
solid aluminum that turns high
speed into a stopper which will then
pierced and treated with a layer of
whole rust protector
the branches are made of steel to
tools
a grinding machine guaranteed that they
are perfectly flat
a worker inserts a seal that will prevent
the hydraulic fluid to escape from the
cylinder
they lubricate a year track with fluid
hydraulic so they read in the
cylinder without damaging the interior
then lens years using a mallet to
that it can be connected to a
joint
it connects this joint to the pistons
and firmly secures it up this
articulation transmits power to
branches to cut or spread
I
the worker then puts the cap
assembled in place on the cylinder and the
boulogne
it is aimed at the two casings connected to the cylinder
hydraulic tool and installs a
plug that protects the hoses and makes
using the wheel easier
the worker tightens the bolts and
Complete the order tap
he then sets the handle at 20 which allows
the operator to hold the tool in
security
this protective device will look
all moving parts away from
rescuer's hands
the worker now aligns the holes
in the jaws to those of the tool and
inserts a steel hinge pin
they place a counter nut and as
for all the bindings of authie their
greenhouse according to standards
precise engineering
once the jaws are in place
the worker securely secures them to
articulation using an axis
of steel alloys and a ring of
detention
he's now unfolding the device
protector and finishes the assembly
a worker test the extricating actors
which was filled with fluids
hydraulic fire-resistant
the device he uses is designed
to measure the pressure where it is
the strongest during the cut
the tool passed the pressure test
that it is necessary to cut the metal or the open
to clear a victim
thanks to this tool the emergency teams
who arrive at the scene of an accident
are equipped to save lives